Let's begin by visiting a family in Stockholm, Sweden.
The parents of Sama and Kristina have two daughters,
Talita and Isabella.
When Talita was born, the doctor found cataracts in both of her eyes.
A cataract is a clouding of the eyes' natural lens.
So the doctor had to operate so that Talita wouldn't lose her sight completely,
a terrifying situation for any parent.
Today, Talita is seven years old and almost blind in one eye,
but completely blind in the other.
Teaching a child about Jehovah and the system of things is already a challenge,
even without physical ailments involved.
But let's find out how Talita's parents rose to the challenge,
making sure that she received a proper spiritual education despite her poor vision.
I look forward to not having poor sight anymore,
and that I can play with a bear and a lion and just sit on the back of a tiger.
Jehovah gives us a fantastic promise in Isaiah 35-5.
The eyes of the blind will be opened.
It's been a challenge to get to where we are today.
We thank Jehovah for all the help he has given us.
As soon as Talita was able to leave the house after operation,
we made sure to go to the meetings.
It helped us a lot to be able to throw our burden on Jehovah.
We prayed together, we cried a lot together because it was so hard.
One of the challenges is that we have to give Talita audio description constantly.
We have to tell her who is coming in and what is happening.
We get so many amazing materials on JW.org and also through the congregation.
She really loves to read, learn from the great teacher.
It has questions which make her part from the story.
She has a very good memory and therefore she remembers a lot of what she reads.
So when we are with friends, she often quizzes them.
She says, how are you doing?
You that is cardio, okay?
Then I'll do you that.
I really like to sing the songs in my song book.
Talita's spiritual goal is to learn more of our kingdom songs.
We get so much help from the beautiful music on the website
and also from the Caleb and Sophia videos.
She knows many of the stories from my book of Bible stories
so she can answer in her own words.
We will ask the question like, do you know this about David?
And if she knows the answer, then we encourage her to answer at the meeting.
When I give an answer at the meetings, Jehovah becomes happy
because he loves children.
She often asks the friends, do you love Jehovah?
So she feels very united with them.
One of the best moments where we saw that Talita's spirituality had grown
was when she came home from a sleepover at her grandparents' house.
My parents are not Jehovah's witnesses
and her grandmother had said that God doesn't exist.
So when Talita came home, she said,
and then when I was going to sleep, I prayed to Jehovah.
Would you please help grandmother to realize that you do exist
that you are real?
The fantasies go up, but we are high.
We try to keep our wonderful hope in life.
So we often talk about what we will do in paradise.
We really look forward to when Talita will be able to see again,
living in a paradise with all our friends.
It's going to be wonderful.
I think that Jehovah looks forward to looking at me when I play with a tiger.